Cleared up cache docs (#185)
cirruslabs/cirrus-ci-docs: docs/guide/writing-tasks.md

## Cache Instruction

> A `cache` instruction allows you to save a directory in the cloud. It will be downloaded onto the machine given to your task when new builds are triggered. This can help save time for installing dependencies, or just storing a large folder. A `cache` instruction can be named the same way as `script` instruction.

Reviewer: How about simplifying to:

```suggestion
A `cache` instruction allows to persist a folder and reuse it during the next execution of the task. A `cache` instruction can be named the same way as `script` instruction.
```

Here is an example:

```yaml
test_task:
  container:
    image: node:latest
  node_modules_cache:
    folder: node_modules
    fingerprint_script: cat yarn.lock
    populate_script: yarn install
  test_script: yarn run test
```

The `folder` is a *required* field that tells the agent which folder to cache. It should be relative to the working directory, or the root directory of the machine (ex. `node_modules` or `/usr/bin/bundler`).

A `fingerprint_script` is an *optional* field that can specify a script that will be executed and console output of which

> will be used as a be used as a key for the given cache. By default the task name is used as a fingerprint value.

Reviewer: Fixed duplicate: 

```suggestion
will be used as a key for the given cache. By default the task name is used as a fingerprint value.
```

`populate_script` is an *optional* field that can specify a script that will be executed to populate the cache.
`populate_script` should create the `folder` if it doesn't exist before the `cache` instruction.

> If your dependencies are updated often, we suggest making the `fingerprint` script log something different so new versions of dependencies are used.

Reviewer: Maybe something like:

```suggestion
If your dependencies are updated often, please pay attention to `fingerprint_script` and make sure it will produce different outputs for different versions of your dependency (ideally just print locked versions of dependencies).
```

```

A `fingerprint_script` is an optional field that can specify a script that will be executed and console output of which

> will be used as a fingerprint for the given task. By default the task name is used as a fingerprint value.

Reviewer: change to "be used as a key for the given cache"

Author: fixed

`populate_script` is an optional field that can specify a script that will be executed to populate the cache.
`populate_script` should create the `folder` if it doesn't exist before the `cache` instruction.

> If your dependencies are updated often, we suggest putting the populate script after the cache block so new versions of dependencies are used.

Reviewer: It's generally a bad design if your dependencies can change without changing `fingerprint_script`'s output. I'd say that if your dependencies are updated often, people should pay extra attention to the fingerprint.

Author: True.  I'll remove this.
